Calling out to all our brothers!
Calling out for all to hear!
We share just one faith, one God.
We’re united wherever we’re found.
Speaking the language of truth,
We join our voices with one joyful sound.
Whatever we face,
We’re not on our own.
Together
we’re never alone.
Together, united,
together we belong.
Together, united, together we are strong.
Together, united, as one we carry on.
Side by side and hand in hand,
together, together we are strong.
We’re found in all lands; it’s true.
And we know that we’re not all the same.
Diff’rent in things we may choose,
Maintaining peace for the sake of God’s name.
Wherever we go,
Our brothers are there
With love and the faith
we all share.
Together, united,
together we belong.
Together, united, together we are strong.
Together, united, as one we carry on.
Side by side and hand in hand,
together, together we are strong.
Together,
united, together.
Together, united,
together we belong.
Together, united, together we are strong.
Together, united, as one we carry on.
Side by side and hand in hand,
together, together we are strong.
Together we are strong.